will the ps4 be a problem for us when it
comes time to record
so hey guys James eff we here bringing
guys another episode of an everyday goes
outside here in my porch and I'm sorry
at the two ND i just want to record this
commentary out here just because i don't
want any distractions but yeah today I'm
just going to be talking about the ps4
and a few problems that I've heard
around on YouTube many people
complaining about it and people trying
to find a way to go around this little
obstacle when it comes to recording ps4
content so basically they have this
thing called an hdcp and it's what sony
put on the ps4 so that people can't
record content and it's basically
copyrighted and basically they have a
notice on whatever recording device you
have attached to your ps4 it says that
it cannot record you to hdcp or
something along the lines of that and
that is a problem for a lot of people
but there have been a few people on
YouTube that have made videos on how to
bypass that and how to basically record
on the ps4 so there are a couple ways
and will this hurt us in the long run I
probably don't think so because we'll
find a way around it and one of the ways
is getting a hdmi splitter and using
that as a way to bypass the hdcp and
there are a couple of the ways i'm not
sure of how that works but i know that
one with the hdmi splitter works and
yeah you guys will be able to record
stuff and i'll have the video link to
the one of the people who has the videos
on this how-to and yeah another thing is
we have an HD PVR which is a big problem
because these next-gen consoles run on
HTM
and the HD PVR that we have right now it
only has component and I'm pretty sure
the ps4 dozen or isn't compatible with
the component cables that we have for
the HD PVR so we're gonna have to try to
save up for an elgato AC game cap or
something else that also records an HDMI
but yeah that's so another short-term
thing that we gotta work on as well as
getting the ps4 but we still have ps4
footage by the new year and yeah just
sort of update you guys with that just
the little problems that have been going
on with the ps4 and also also people
have been also complaining that it
doesn't work it just doesn't work the
game system itself doesn't work when it
boots up some some people say that you
just might too you might need to UM
rewire everything like unplug everything
and then put it back in and sometimes it
works and sometimes it's just an actual
official plug that's on the PlayStation
but people are trying to get it fixed
and some people can't get it replaced
until the next couple months which sucks
which sucks but hopefully we will get up
content on the ps4 for you guys on our
YouTube channel in the next coming
months without having any problems but
yeah today's been in just the small
commentary updating you guys on this
little subject of the new next-gen ps4
and did you guys know that the xbox is
coming out soon as well
the next couple days I'm excited for
that but we're not getting that until
like probably within a year span of that
releasing but yeah well we'll talk more
about the ps4 when it comes time for us
to buy it but yeah today was a little
infected gameplay you guys enjoyed that
please be sure to leave a like down
below and subscribe if you're new so
thanks for watching and I'll talk to you
guys tomorrow peace